Modify rule S6398: Switch text to progressive education format (APPSEC-426) (#1507)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6398/common/fix/casting.adoc

==== Casting to a harmless type

When the application allows it, casting user-submitted data to a harmless type
can help prevent JSON injection vulnerabilities. In particular, converting user
inputs to numeric types is an efficient sanitation mechanism.

This mechanism can be extended to other types, including more complex ones.
However, care should be taken when dealing with them, as manually validating or
sanitizing complex types can represent a challenge.

> Note that choosing this solution can be error-prone. Indeed, the validation or
> sanitation has to be applied to every user input without oversight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that choosing this solution can be error-prone: every user input
has to be validated or sanitized without oversight.
```
A bit simpler to read
